README.md, before:

# _{Application Name}_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**Micheal Hansen**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Specifications

| Spec | Input | Output |
| :--- | :---: | ---: |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

Software Requirements
1. .NET framework
2. A code editor (Visual Studio Code, Atom, etc.)

Acquire The Repo:
1. Click the 'Clone or Download Button
2. Alternately, Clone via Bash/GitBash: `git clone {repo}`

Editting the Code Base:
1. Open the project in your code editor; with Bash, this is done by navigating to the project directory, then `code .`
2. If you wish to run testing, you'll need the testing packages: navigate into the .Tests folder, and run `dotnet restore`

Running the program:
1. To run the program, you'll need to compile the code: `dotnet build`. This will create a compiled application in the bin/ folder.
2. Alternately, you can run the program directly with `dotnet run`.

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out through my GitHub account._

## Technologies Used

* _VSCode_
* _C# and .NET_

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Micheal Hansen_**

*Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:*

*The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.*

*THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.*

Commit message:

set up project and add specs sheet
Co-authored-by: Deryck Jackson <Dgjackson01@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# _Rock Paper Scissors_

#### _A friendly game in the console, 7.15.2020_

#### By _**Micheal Hansen & Deryck Jackson**_

## Description

_This application will play a game of rock, paper, and/or scissors._

## Specifications

| Spec | Input | Output |
| :--- | :---: | ---: |
| Program detects if the game is drawn | Player 1 = "rock", Player 2 = "rock" | "Draw!" |
| Program detects that Rock vs. Scissors is a Player 1 win | Player1 = "rock", Player 2 = "scissors" | "Player 1 Wins" |
| Program detects that Rock vs. Paper is a Player 2 win | Player1 = "rock", Player2 = "paper" | "Player 2 Wins" |
| Program detects that Scissors vs. Rock is a Player 2 win | Player1 = "scissors", Player2 = "rock" | "Player 2 Wins" |
| Program detects that Scissors vs. Paper is a Player 1 win | Player1 = "scissors", Player2 = "paper" | "Player 1 Wins" |
| Program detects that Paper vs. Rock is a Player 1 win | Player1 = "paper", Player2 = "rock" | "Player 1 Wins" |
| Program detects that Paper vs. Scissors is a Player 2 win | Player1 = "paper", Player2 = "scissors" | "Player 2 Wins" |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

Software Requirements
1. .NET framework
2. A code editor (Visual Studio Code, Atom, etc.)

Acquire The Repo:
1. Click the 'Clone or Download Button
2. Alternately, Clone via Bash/GitBash: `git clone {repo}`

Editting the Code Base:
1. Open the project in your code editor; with Bash, this is done by navigating to the project directory, then `code .`
2. If you wish to run testing, you'll need the testing packages: navigate into the .Tests folder, and run `dotnet restore`

Running the program:
1. To run the program, you'll need to compile the code: `dotnet build`. This will create a compiled application in the bin/ folder.
2. Alternately, you can run the program directly with `dotnet run`.

## Known Bugs

_None currently known_

## Support and contact details

_Please reach out through my GitHub account._

## Technologies Used

* _VSCode_
* _C# and .NET_

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Micheal Hansen & Deryck Jackson_**

*Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:*

*The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.*

*THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.*
